feat(helper): add a utility function to toggle array values (#467)
datorama/akita: docs/docs/additional/array.mdx

}));
```

### `arrayToggle`

> Adds a value to an array if it does'nt exist yet or removes it if already present. Objects are compared by identity by

Reviewer: Adds a value to an array if it doesn't exist yet or removes it if already present. Objects are compared by identity by default. You can override it by providing a compare function.

default. For a fine grained control how values are compared the last argument of `arrayToggle` accepts a compare function.

:::tip

> Akita provides two often used comparators for `arrayToggle`: The `byId()` and `byKey(key: string)` compare function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akita provides two common comparators for `arrayToggle`: The `byId()` and `byKey(key: string)` compare function.
```

:::

> Toggling objects of an array:

Reviewer: Toggling an array of objects:

```ts
import { arrayToggle } from '@datorama/akita';

articlesStore.update(1, ({ comments }) => ({
  comments: arrayToggle(comments, { id: 1, text: 'New text' }, byId())
}));
```

> Toggling primitive values of an array:

Reviewer: Toggling an array of primitive values:
